esri sharma lesson i got my first new
show up is all mine I want the tools are
all wet for that spot but anyway so this
is my first Bouchard is all mine and his
dad number o majestic dawn oh I'm going
to start this thing I'm very very happy
that I got to turn around today and I'm
gonna start is the right to the left
side always what you would ship out on
that heroes never done anything good in
you just don't anyway so i'll start with
a duck Rat Pack I'm hoping for a VCR
agartala watts and I'm hoping for a
chris delia Yaga palkia the legendary
birds and that cool cooking chocolate in
that set what I really want love it was
it looks like that the hole in his back
combi a pong tungee helix fossil venir a
dom stadium cool Pharaoh and one photo
per share the Hall of this back reverse
homo mu two awesome piece and rare is
gorgeo love lakhs per spec that's kind
of cool person the first bag
that's awful never had that happen
before okay so second peg is actually a
car child pack smells a pretty good
first pull oh can it change so it is
good first full open for if you really
cool if I got to level exes but I let me
know if you can this time I'll take you
leaving a haul up drifloon Guto Bureau
good book don't fossil quick ball
Staravia would write you I like the
righteous and I'm telling reverse holo
unknown q as an uncommon and rare is
ojala ratham that's cool I was hoping
I'll get one of these in its box well
that's off the two hollows already you
can tell a black and one reverse on
youtube since i'm awesome told already
obviously this is just special i got the
first goal in the first pack this full
Spiro Fermi energy search ed tip up dog
stadium another raichu and different
color energy so now reverse holo is
turtwig bait and my rare is leave young
high school and need another way fiat
was nice ok on to pack number 4 i'm
probably going to make this into four
parts of nine patty just so you know
so so I guess I'm pretty lucky with dark
I packs trifle gnarl election or I
guesses bronze are eight home puto
Chimchar chatot old an Amber print pup
whose grovel and you drop that's good my
reverse is dark energy cool my rare is
in front that's okay on a hollow but so
again now for my luckiest fat dark I
come on hello legendary Chris D'Elia
I'll tell me all a post that goes
Articuno Moltres darkrai the most helix
fossil sionary ching ling Piplup hope we
go old amber awesome and pin drop oh
yeah and I reverse holo is electric
that's kind of stopped the only gotten
like Wonder rusher rares toxic cuts that
actress sucked oh well i hope the rom in
this kind of hat so maybe I'll be lucky
win these are also and you're looking
for a bunch of delays beyond belief
beyond nah i wish i had gotten waxing
ensemble x I think might be the rarest
from the set so that's good but I want
to leave young Garchomp the most
electric Starly shallows ching ling EV
work point Scyther stavia okay my
reverse is 0 if a long rare nice and my
rare is jolteon well that's too easy you
should have already gotten inside
that's good next up is another form of
employee on and this is my own seven
pack I think yeah this is my seventh so
after this one and two morrow do the
second part helix fossil with EV Pikachu
home be binary metal energy sir a bia
manectric my reverse is awesome uncommon
and I rare is oh really oh I need
another one of those um Browns my
favorite oh so that's cool also i want
three eeveelutions already and I like
some of my favorites I like jokey on oh
my creepy on is left but I was really
lightly feel my legs so for the post Oh
Monty chimchar Lamia Cheng Liang
electric currents ooh metal energy and
lickitung wise week attending running
home and I know Mandy's pelvis a little
bit anyway it reverse holo yeah I look
at pool at Yoga is I really want to
don't know though how are the hollow one
but it's rare is glaceon hollow I
already have one of those but to home so
nice the our reverse is awesome so this
will be my last pack of the tart I think
now because I want to be equal this
research and so I'm going to have four
equal parts a 29 x so Pikachu hip up
energy search EV turkey egg print up
health energy in the nick of time okay
you know my reverse holo spy.road I rare
come on Beast
oh my socks are you feel worse there
that's highly favored rare I'd rather
talk to croak that's the end of part one
okay so all do part